https://bkimg.cdn.bcebos.com/pic/503d269759ee3d6dd697119e4d166d224f4ade16?x-bce-process=image/format,f_auto
#Beyond the university , into the universe
The name is inspired by the subtitle of “Aokana: Four Rhythm Across the Blue”: Beyond the sky, into the firmament. English translation: Beyond the sky, into the firmament
I don’t study in college, I only study the universe - from my practical experience of reading the universe encyclopedia when I was 6 years old
You guys don’t understand the essence of the university. When I was teaching it to my education teacher in my freshman year—our school doesn’t have an education discipline, but it doesn’t prevent me from finding a teacher of that major. I told her definitely, I don't look at universities, I only look at universities. University is just that you can't get the cosmic level and you are downgraded to a university. Then most people cannot get into university and can only be relegated to a certain industry, then to a certain subject, and then to a certain exam.
Your university is one of the contents of the university, which is one x part. My university is a power structure with the university as the core. That is, I sublimated university into Universe
I started creating my own subject in my freshman year. Although I won’t be able to finish it before I’m 100 years old, at least I’m on the way. Because no one really has a way to teach me how to integrate mathematics, physics, bio-economy, finance, education, philosophy, history, and business into one - and then after I did it myself, I saw that Munger was the same as me, with exactly the same thinking
What university do you think you studied at? It's just an industrial assembly line product. For 3 years of quick success, junior high school, high school is like this, university is still like this, it is very pitiful, really, low efficiency, meaningless and homogeneous repetition for more than ten years, what will you do?
I have never thought about graduating from college. I can study in college for a lifetime, a hundred years. You can learn a hundred subjects in one year, 33 in one subject in three years, and ten in each subject in ten years. You can learn three of each in 30 years, and you can learn one of each in a hundred years.
The problem is that you haven’t learned. So I never thought about graduating from college. For me, I was a 6-year-old undergraduate, and I was still an undergraduate when I was 100 years old. I never thought about graduating from college and becoming a graduate student or doctoral student. When I was 18 years old, I was thinking about how to integrate many disciplines. So I reversed my education degree. I became knowledgeable first, then became my own major, and then became a college student. I have a permanent undergraduate degree, a permanent cash flow, a permanent undergraduate moat, and I put all human knowledge into the university. You are your own university, subject, principal, teacher, dean, student, company
This is my idea. As I said, I finished reading Wu Jun's "Road to University" before my freshman year. I chose my own major in university. My understanding of university began when I was 6 years old and watched three episodes of Gorky's "Childhood". I already know the parts of "My Childhood", "In the World" and "University", and I know that I am the opposite of "My Childhood", "University" and "In the World" - just like "Seven Years in the World" by Oxford Primary School Students Similarly, I did know that I would go to college when I was 6 years old. Of course, my family is not from an upper class family, but I knew that I would definitely go - Munger was also 6 years old, and Buffett was 11 years old. I don't know how I will go to university, but my intuition tells me that I can go, the path is uncertain, the method is uncertain, the result is doomed, this is our intuition, Munger also has it, Musk has it, Hilbert Yes, we will eventually know, we will definitely know
Then when I got to college, my idea was very simple, that is, just like my love for eating animal milk,the ten caves and heavens will be one - although I first had this idea, practiced it, and then saw Emperor Huang Tian doing something similar in "Perfect World" practice. That's me integrating everything into a system - don't ask, Munger did the same thing.
So when I was automatically promoted to university, I will always be an undergraduate student—even though my university started at the age of 6, and I am still an undergraduate at the age of 100.
I'm not used to going to graduate school, doctoral students, even if it's Stanford or Harvard, -- just like Morgan, Rothschild said, I master the bank, I don't care who makes the law, and Samuelson said, I don't care who is the president Economics I wrote it, and Newton doesn’t care who says it, anyway, what I write is the number one in the world, and the industrial revolution of mankind started with me——mit’s requirements for undergraduates are also the same, and all future people can’t get around me—this That’s called professionalism, and so does Musk and Larry Ellison, and so does Steve Jobs.
What do you think your profession is? Just because you entered this major and learned some information? who do you think You Are? With such a big face, others beg you to learn it? Are you a winner in life? living in a dream
So when I was 18 years old, I watched the speeches of university presidents, including Wu Jun's "Road to University", and then I watched Larry Ellison's "2000 Yale University Speech" and Jobs' speech. I feel that always being hungry and stupid is very similar to my path to college. The thinking is on the same frequency, that is, I am my own college.

When I was a freshman, I took all the subject class representatives and chatted with the teacher one-on-one
In my sophomore year, I gave lectures to those 985 undergraduate and master graduate students.
In my junior year, they couldn't understand what I said, so I got really angry.
Senior year is ready to go out
I earned my blood and got an advantage over Stanford students, because the entire department and all the teachers revolve around you, one-on-one, and for many years will always only give you one-on-one with multiple people.
There is very little attention paid to the actual education available per capita in China. This is due to the lack of resources and insufficient magnitude. Before college, there are 60 people to one teacher, but after college, there are still 60-200 people to one teacher - 4 to 1 or even 1 at Stanford and Harvard level For 1, it is 60 times our basis. So if I want 1 for many, I have multiple teachers watching me, 1 for N, or even 100N? Neither Stanford nor Harvard can meet my needs. This is Munger’s path, and my path. Including Musk, Larry Ellison. Only create it yourself. The difference is 60N times the base difference.
Can Stanford and Harvard have such a good thing?
In your sophomore year, tell them that Feynman studied Farah for a whole year. Is this a good thing at Stanford or Harvard?
They can't understand it in my junior year, so I create it independently. Is this a good thing at Stanford or Harvard?
I started creating my own subjects in my freshman year and wrote about mathematical principles in my fifth year. Is this a good thing at Stanford or Harvard?
Now I am in the ninth year of my university system， can Stanford and Harvard have such a good thing? A university that lasts a hundred years, a continuity that only serves you alone and snowballs throughout your life? Munger and Buffett are both from 100-year universities.

I have been independent from the beginning. I have never seen anyone below the strongest group in the world, not even Cambridge or Oxford, because they really cannot be outliers. I am only responsible to Munger and the others, so greed will lead to greed. What could be more exciting than having an entire university, major, and department just for you? I am a university myself. I don’t study university, I study universe.
But I got a more perfect foundation than Stanford and Harvard. The outliers cannot be copied. You have to find your own path. If I don’t cheat, I can’t beat them, so I cheat.

I tried to integrate 10 disciplines much like the Munger Multiple Mental model, which was my freshman year. Then I saw that Stanford design learning and technology major, emmm, could not meet my needs. Harvard History of the Philosophy of Science, to my taste, but I've been writing about it for years, so I have to go as a professor, not a student. The problem with Stanford design learning and technology is that I have designed my own discipline since I was a freshman. I regard myself as a discipline to study and design my own university system. The inspiration comes from the books A Brief History of Time and Grand Design I read when I was 16. It's all written by Stephen Hawking -- so I've been doing this for 12 years, Stanford's new 2025, well done, don't
So how am I supposed to be a student? I'm an undergrad, but I don't just listen, I create, and the top universities are a waste of my time. They teach and I do.
I don’t have a rigid need. My rigid need is for more than 10 subjects, whether it is creating my own subjects or creating PCA. Can Stanford help me, or Harvard and Cambridge? I don't have to be alone - Munger can really help me
Because of necessity, the only thing I read when I was 6 years old was the encyclopedia.
Because of the urgent need, I established my own library from 18 to 21. I control each book myself before putting it in. 
It is not the kind of book that can be read casually.
Because of the urgent need, I established my own university at the age of 18
Because of the urgent need, I created my own multiple Mental model at 18
Because of the urgent need, I started writing PCA at the age of 27

What you study in college is not a university, but a subject in one of the universities. The problem of diminishing limit margin in a single subject has no solution. This is why the UK cannot beat the US, liberal arts education is too terrible. One part of limx, x tends to ∞, and the whole tends to 0. So you have never gone to college at all, which is the most worrying thing. And this model, unfortunately, in the mobile Internet era, Pinduoduo Taobao 5 yuan 500g, you have never used the learning content above the exam. In the AI ​​era, chat can ask and answer questions by itself, and you are not needed anymore.
As for what I studied in college, once again, I majored in business, economics, and finance. Although I also studied mathematics, physics, chemistry, biostatistics, sociology, psychology, game theory, history, geography, computer philosophy, science fiction, education, and philosophy of science. Anthropology, Theology, Natural History, etc.

I just studied by myself, and I didn’t rely on those teachers. Their teachers teach them this way, and they teach you this way, but their learning efficiency and quality are only 10% in listening to the lectures. My learning efficiency has never been lower than 90% since I was a child. I think, read, write, use and create by myself.
What will you do? You know nothing, you don’t know what you know.
When I was 18 years old, the first person I saw was Lang Xianping, who studied for two years at Wharton School of Business with a master's and doctoral degree - did he rely on his teacher? It's not me yet.

The economics I read when I was 16 was Adam Smith, Marx, and Ricardo. When I was 18, I read Samuelson, Mankiw, Hayek, and Keynes. When I was 20, I read Charlie Munger, Buffett, Duan Yongping, Blackstone, and Goldman Sachs. , black stone.
Go see it yourself, count on the teacher? What do you know, a fool of a single subject? Neither does Oxbridge.
My freshman needs are physics, mathematics, bio-economy, finance, education, philosophy, history, etc. In my ninth year, Stanford and Harvard only offered three subjects. Who can I rely on? Not yourself? Do you expect school teachers? My undergraduate degree is finance, but I have taught myself all of them.
There is little difference in the quality of Chinese schools outside Qingbei. Anyway, if you haven’t used or created anything, you will always be like this. Only at the level of Yale are you worthy of being called an outstanding sheep in Larry Ellison’s eyes. As for those below Yale, you are not even considered an outstanding sheep. ——Yale-level use of weights—Larry Ellison’s words about surpassing outstanding sheep to create weights—which is what Peter Thiel said about creation from zero to one.
I ask you to be a outliers? Ask you to surpass Stanford and Harvard? Laughed.
I looked for someone from a certain school, and I asked him if he wanted to try to become Newton, but he didn’t have the courage, and if I asked him to become Russell, he didn’t dare. What do you think he can do? There is no way you can 100% ✖ live your life ✖ be professional ✖ focus ✖ yourself ✖ create.

They can’t become Charlie Munger, Elon Musk, Larry Ellison, Larry Page, Steve Jobs, or Bill Gates. What’s so interesting about me? Really, from teachers to students, no one has a soul of his own 

You have to throw away the hat in your heart, you have to stay hungry and stupid forever, you have to have this rigid need for lifelong learning, right? You don’t have this need, you are just imagining it, you have never done it.
You never have the patience to do something for a hundred years