Prove

The Earth is 6,700km - the Earth-Moon system is 380,000km - the eight planets. The distance from the Earth to the sun is 150 million kilometers to one astronomical unit, to Pluto is 30 astronomical units, to the Kuiper belt is 30-50 astronomical units, and to the Australian Erte Cloud is 50,000 astronomical units to one Light years, the radius of the solar system star system is 3 light years, including the coronal heliosphere to the Lagrangian point where the gravitational radius affects the balance with the Milky Way - the Milky Way galaxy is 120,000 light years in diameter - the Milky Way belongs to the Virgo Supercluster 110 million light years year - the Virgo Supercluster belongs to the Laniakea Supercluster 520 million light years - the composition of Laniakea and Hercules North, Pisces, Sloan Great Wall (the origin of the name of the Sloan Digital Sky Survey), etc. is known The largest structure of the universe is also called the cosmic thread structure - very similar to the neurons of the human brain - and then multiple cosmic thread structures constitute the undercurrent of the universe - the undercurrent of the universe surges, forming the scope of the observable universe - the diameter of the scope of the observable universe 96 billion light-years - and the observable universe is just because light can only travel so far in these 12.8 billion years, it does not mean that the universe has experienced 100,000 years of inflation and subsequent secondary acceleration, and now the inflation mode has stopped, so outside the observable universe, Is it the inflationary universe - the observable universe is just a non-empty proper subset of the inflationary universe, that is, the unobservable universe interval outside the observable universe? Light years?

The content I collected is a lot of content from the 6-18-year-old bosses. From 18-21, I set up my own library. From the age of 18, I have been thinking and creating independently.

This content has been done by Munger, by Kaufman, from one to infinity by Gamow, by Hawking's brief history of time, what is life by Schrödinger, by the creator of the second law of thermodynamics and by Boltzmann However, all big science experts have done it. Mr. Newton did it on the principles of mathematics, Einstein did it on the theory of relativity, principle Dario did it, Wu Jun wrote "History of Science" and "Top of the Tide", Mr. Hararih Wrote "A Brief History of Humanity", someone wrote "General History of Science", Santa Fe Institute wrote "Big History" and "Scale" and "Origin of Wealth", Mao Zedong wrote "Reading History", "Assassin's Creed" There are a series of them, "Modern China" written by Li Lu, and Harvard and Stanford made a history of philosophy of science

This part of the content can really test your logical reasoning ability and mathematical skills, and I have never taught it above the freshman year. This is my principle for using the Feynman learning method:

And within the collection of the observable universe of this universe, the big boom is 12.8 billion years old, the third-generation star system is 5 billion years old, the Goldilocks region earth is 4.6 billion years old, inorganic matter to organic matter is 3 billion years old, the pronucleus of life is 1.8 billion years old, and then single cells Life with a nucleus, DNA, RNA, multicellular organisms, anaerobic biological generations, and mitochondria participate in oxygen production to improve energy consumption and work ability. When oxygen is required, multicellular organisms continue to the present mammalian organisms and civilization (high school students aged 13-18 content)

Schrödinger used the theories of thermodynamics and quantum mechanics to explain the essence of life: he used concepts such as "non-periodic crystals", "negative entropy", "genetic code", and "quantum jump mutation" to explain the material structure of organisms, the maintenance and continuation of life, and heredity. , that is, the inverse entropy system

If you only know the popular book "The Selfish Gene" in the 1960s, you don't know why genes are selfish, and you don't know what "Complex" is. The book "Complicated" comes from "What is Life". If you don't know "What is Life", you can't understand the popular best-sellers "Mysterious Quantum Life" and "Life 3.0", which discuss the possibility of whether AI will become life, and the concepts of carbon-based life and silicon-based life. And the post bar brother is widely circulated. This is a stalk that carbon-based organisms can come up with. Naturally, there are also "Minecraft" and "Decisive Moment in History" brother ecstasy.


Only when you know what the essence of life is, will you be in awe of everything, be moved by the miracle of all life, and be in awe of how hard it is to have life on this planet, will you be in awe of the earth, cherish life, understand civilization, and create the meaning of the industrial revolution. Only when we understand the struggle between machines and humans can we understand the meaning of the ecosystem and insist on sustainable development. Only then will we be in awe of nature, cherish the foundation of life, and understand how big the universe is, the meaning of stars, and the course of human history. This universe is different because of life.

Life is worthy of praise, and the anti-entropy system is the greatest miracle. It spans from the Big Bang 12.8 billion years ago to the third star system 5 billion years ago, 4.6 billion years ago, and the earth transforms inorganic matter into organic matter 3 billion years ago. The ultimate leap begins with the eukaryotic cell. Madness evolves inside the earth, from cells to multi-cells to invertebrates to vertebrates to mammals to the human era to primitive society to slave society to agricultural society to the industrial revolution society to the commodity age to now. Humanity has just begun and can Only when you understand who you are can you know where you came from, and then you will be qualified to prepare where you are going. Only then can we be in awe of how hard-won all of this is, in awe of what people are doing, and God who is watching, and in awe of the gods with their heads raised. Only then can science, philosophy, theology, science fiction, the unknown, etc. be harmonious, guide themselves, and reflect on their own actions and paths. , will test yourself.

You can understand that this is a continuous effort that has lasted for decades. You can understand that this is the effort of three hundred years of industrial revolution, three thousand years of farming civilization,and eight thousand years of human civilization. You can also understand that this is the effort of evolution for tens of millions of years. You can better understand that this is the effort of billions of years of earth's history, and you can better understand that this is the convergence of cause and effect that has taken 12.8 billion years of the universe. This is the result of the combined efforts of all known and unknown. We must cherish and revere, we must inherit the path created by the joint efforts of past causes and effects and predecessors, and we must continue to move forward and continue to open up new paths. The essence of the brilliance of the stars of mankind is that all people work together to create history—Marx’s view of history, the essence of Decisive Moment in History is the brilliance of the stars of the universe—the scientific view of history, as Hilbert said, we will eventually know, we will know. We will create, we will create

So this is that our universe is the best one I've ever seen - I've proven what Leibniz said


Although my own knowledge maps were collected from ages 6 to 18, I was already creating my own disciplines, sciences, industries, positions, universities, and university systems when I was 18 years old, but I can use this thing for a lifetime.

From 18 to 21, I tried to create my own disciplines, mathematics, physics, biology, economics, finance, education, social politics, psychology, history, philosophy - once again, my freshman needs are physics, mathematics, economics, finance, education and philosophy. I’m sorry, I have to follow Munger’s example and come here by myself—this kind of feeling probably isn’t it, isn’t it, “I’ve already proved the Tao and become the emperor, why did the golden finger come here”? But unfortunately I can't do it. It's too difficult. Munger has done it for a hundred years. I can't do it in less than a hundred years. It will take my whole life.

