Let’s put it this way, the first time I wanted to write an article was because of these people, Charlie Munger, Buffett, Steve Jobs, Larry Ellison, Elon Musk, Tesla, and Feynman.

Please remember, if you can’t understand Charlie Munger, you can’t understand Buffett. If you don’t understand Buffett, you can’t understand Charlie’s circle of friends, Bill Gates. If you don’t understand Bill Gates, you can’t understand his archenemy, La. Larry Ellison, if you don’t understand Larry Ellison, you will definitely not be able to understand the person he respects the most, Steve Jobs. If you don’t understand Steve Jobs, you will definitely not be able to understand his kindred spirit, Elon Musk. Fortunately, I understand them. We are outliers but also the same kind.

I met Larry Ellison very early. 10 years ago, when I was a freshman, I browsed through all the courses and lectures at Harvard, Yale, Oxford, Cambridge, and Stanford for the first time. I saw him, that arrogance, that "Larry Ellison's 2000 Yale University Speech". I knew that the path I was taking was Charlie Munger's long-term value investment and a very good person, but it did not affect my meeting Larry. Ellison. Because I am also a real young man, a kind of wildness and passion, or a kind of arrogance - if you are Newton, Hilbert, Poincaré, Russell, von Neumann Landau, Charlie Munger, Buffett, Jobs, Bill Gates, Larry Ellison, Elon Musk, Bezos, you will know that this is not a kind of self-righteousness, but a sincere belief that your food follows objective laws, limited rationality, and transcends Bounded rationality and infinite sincerity - A certain faker who did not want to be named also said something similar, you cook like a master

After I met Larry Ellison in my freshman year, I knew that my idea was right. There must be a way beyond Stanford and Harvard. Otherwise, according to the textbook, Newton, Charlie Munger, Buffett, Larry Ellison, and Elon It is impossible for people like Musk to appear at all - this is also one of the opportunities for me to step into a level far beyond the definition of school. The other opportunities are my own independent thinking habits since I was a child, although I have been far away from the beginning. Very schooly

After all, when you face Stanford and Harvard, even if you study for a bachelor's degree, a master's degree, and a Ph.D., the teacher-student ratio is only 1:4 for 4-15 years, and what I do is a teacher-student ratio of 30-100:1 - I am the 100 surrounded by chants. In 2006, I found that even Stanford and Harvard could not meet my needs. I discovered this problem when I was a freshman. For those who can only cross between two subjects or at most three schools, how can they satisfy me that I can have at least 4-6 and normally more than 10 subjects? Neither Stanford nor Harvard can do it, only the outliers can. There is a practical need to be an outlier, and it is a natural thing. But the degree of difficulty requires that it take a hundred years, which cannot be accomplished in a short period of time.

As Charlie Munger said about the Lollapalooza effect, I couldn't find any school that could teach me. I had to create it myself - and thankfully, I was already on the road to creation from the beginning. Handmade ice powder, purely hand-kneaded, given by Ollie
In fact, objectively speaking, I have no idea whether I like Qingbei, Stanford, Harvard, Yale, Cambridge or Oxford. But I know that they don’t like them. It’s not that they don’t like them, but that they don’t like them. They have hats,shackles and anchors. According to other people's rules of the game, they can only become outstanding sheep with an annual salary limit of 200,000 US dollars. At best, they are just sheep and cannot be outstanding. If you want to be in the middle class, top 100 - top 50 - top 30 - top 10 - top 3 are enough.

But if you want to be unique, rare, irreproducible and irreplaceable, then there is still a way beyond Stanford and Harvard. This is the true supreme of human civilization, when the stars of mankind are shining brightly.
The level of the richest man in the world. This level is unique to mankind. You can only create it yourself. They are either dropping out of school or on the way to drop out - that is, even Stanford and Harvard can no longer satisfy them. The school cannot keep up with them. This level is basically what I am. I am my own school, I am my own university. Of course I can't do it, but I long for this state

How do you go about using textbook definitions, a group of people who define textbooks? Examination, learning, use, creation, these are different dimensions. Don’t forget what Buffett said: Charlie Munger allowed him to evolve from ape to human. This is a self-effacing statement, but he himself evolved from it, so why does he need others? They are all good partners

Big bosses are all moved by the sincerity of another big boss, and thus embark on a unique path. Me too